Refactor modules mounting routes (#13294)
decidim/decidim: RELEASE_NOTES.md

This no longer returns the running Decidim version by default and instead it will result to `null` being reported as the version number.

If you would like to re-enable exposing the Decidim version number through the GraphQL API, you may do so by setting the `DECIDIM_API_DISCLOSE_SYSTEM_VERSION` environment variable to `true`. However, this is highly discouraged but may be required for some automation or integrations.

### 5.2. Changes in the routing

As we were upgrading the application to Rails 7.1, we have noticed there are some changes in the routing system that led us to change the way participatory space mounting points are being used by Decidim.

> Previously, the participatory space routes were mounted like follows in either the Core or Admin.

Author: you are right.

This no longer returns the running Decidim version by default and instead it will result to `null` being reported as the version number.

If you would like to re-enable exposing the Decidim version number through the GraphQL API, you may do so by setting the `DECIDIM_API_DISCLOSE_SYSTEM_VERSION` environment variable to `true`. However, this is highly discouraged but may be required for some automation or integrations.

### 5.2. Changes in the routing

> As we were upgrading the application to Rails 7.1, we have noticed there are some changes in the routing system that led us to change the way participatory space mounting points are being used by Decidim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we were upgrading the application to Rails 7.1, we have noticed there are some changes in the routing system that led us to change the way participatory space mounting points are being used by Decidim. This applies to implementers or developers that define their own routes in their modules. If you do not change the routes in your application nor a module then you do not need to do anything. 
```

Previously, the participatory space routes were mounted like follows in either the Core or Admin.

```ruby
  Decidim.participatory_space_manifests.each do |manifest|
    mount manifest.context(:admin).engine, at: "/", as: "decidim_admin_#{manifest.name}"
  end
```

As of [\#13294](https://github.com/decidim/decidim/pull/13294), we have changed the way of mounting. Now, each one of the Participatory Spaces are being installed specifically from their own modules like follows:

```ruby
  initializer "decidim_assemblies.mount_routes" do
    Decidim::Core::Engine.routes do
      mount Decidim::Assemblies::Engine, at: "/", as: "decidim_assemblies"
    end
  end
```

> As a developer or as a user, you should not feel the difference of this change, however, we would like to emphasize this change, as the upgrade may impact other community libraries.
> 

Reviewer: Depending on the kind of developer/implementer this could bit them. I changed the wording of the phrase and keep the spirit in my other comment, let me know if you like it. 

```suggestion
```

This particular change in the way we mount things, applies also for `Comments` and `Verifications` modules.

#### 5.2.1. Module developers

> As a module developer, when you add a new admin section you should always check if the admin is accessible to normal or visitors. If that is the case, you can always wrap your admin routes in a constraint like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a module developer, when you add a new admin section you should always check if the admin is accessible to registered participants or visitors. If that is the case, you must always wrap your admin routes in a constraint like:
```
